Add support for optional certificate validation (#4796)
projectcontour/contour: changelogs/unreleased/4796-gautierdelorme-minor.md

## Optional Client Certificate Validation

> By default, client certificates are required but some applications might support different authentication schemes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, when client certificate validation is configured, client certificates are required.
However, some applications might support different authentication schemes.
```

Author: @skriss 👍 fixed in https://github.com/projectcontour/contour/pull/4796/commits/d910de6ea00b8f2d3e3e406736b82dca7894e926

Reviewer: Looks like "However, some applications might support different authentication schemes." got dropped, was that intended? I'd keep that sentence in for clarity.

Author: Good catch, it wasn't intended. Fixed in https://github.com/projectcontour/contour/pull/4796/commits/45a2250fc53d087bb4b053479492e88df0fa9a6c.
